doc: add `merlin_reader` to the `(dialect ...)` documentation (#10483)
ocaml/dune: doc/reference/dune-project/dialect.rst

      .. versionchanged:: 3.9 This field is made optional.

>    .. describe:: (merlin_reader <action>)
> 
>       Run `<action>` to feed the dialect's AST to Merlin.
> 
>       This field is optional.
> 
>       .. versionadded:: 3.16
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. describe:: (merlin_reader <program> <args>...)

      Configure Merlin to use `<program> <args>...` as READER. Merlin's READER is a mechanism to extend merlin to OCaml's dialects by providing a program to transform a dialect's AST to OCaml's AST. See `merlin/src/extend/extend_protocol.ml <https://github.com/ocaml/merlin/blob/master/src/extend/extend_protocol.ml>`_ for the protocol specification.

      This field is optional.

      .. versionadded:: 3.16

```

      .. versionchanged:: 3.9 This field is made optional.

   .. describe:: (merlin_reader <program> <args>...)

      Configure Merlin to use `<program> <args>...` as READER. Merlin's READER
      is a mechanism to extend Merlin to support OCaml dialects by providing
      a program that transforms a dialect AST into an OCaml AST. See `merlin/src/extend/extend_protocol.ml <https://github.com/ocaml/merlin/blob/master/src/extend/extend_protocol.ml>`_

>       for the protocol specification.

Reviewer 2: Can you make that a link to a stable version (tag instead of `master`)? Also, maybe a `seealso` block would work well for this (see above).
